Orchid cheats total 8 sections
The only one who can break through to the fifth realm is Hey
Are you even listening to me?
The internal energy is abundant and powerful, and it flows all over the body
Bottom protectors have formed all over the body
Qi Yin B is around the seventh step
But it's only been a few hours.
I can only say that his talent is really scary
Master, what did you just say?
Nothing. How are you feeling?
I just practiced according to the book
I feel my heart moving
Dantian Yu Zhenyuan Yongyu
Show me which one this is built to
Don't look at the depth of this practice
A little carelessness is easy to get enchanted
Let's practice here today
Good news that the elder has an accident
The master is him
Sneak into my Lin Yunfeng
To steal this Bauhinia grass
A disciple of Elder Lingu
Hands and feet are so unclean
You're talking nonsense. I didn't steal it.
Nothing stolen.
What is this?
For the sake of my love for your master since I was a child
Don't kill you first
If you don't kill me, you won't be punished.
The elder and junior brother were seriously injured
I need purple gold grass to save my life
Please also ask the elders to accommodate
It won't be just wetlands
What are you in a hurry
Is there anything shameful between the two of you?
That's not true.